It's a billion dollars.
But if you lose
If I lose
I knelt and kowtowed
Also learn to bark three times
Does Doctor Zhang gamble?
Dog money is not good
Then please hum
Are you sure?
Don't worry, no one knows but me
As long as Yechen saves people and gains trust
It can conquer its alliance and slowly disintegrate
All will be mine
Hill, your medical skills are indeed brilliant
But love letters are more than just blood
He suffered very serious internal injuries in his early years
After you detoxify with reoxygenation nine needles
Be sure to use Taiyi God Needle again
Only in this way can the poisonous blood in his body be completely eliminated
Otherwise he shouldn't live more than three minutes
When did Brother Su become a doctor?
And far from what I see
Dad?
What? How is that possible?
I can only do it by getting inheritance, so I don't need to feel my pulse.
By ingratitude alone
You can accurately determine the patient's condition
This Zhang Xi'er's medical skills
I shouldn't be able to see Qin Zhaoguo
It's already inside the internal organs, Dad
How are you feeling?
I've never felt better.
There you go.
That's great.
Thank you to Doctor Zhang.
Your grandfather saved my life many times
You save me too
Thank you so much
Uncle Qin, don't thank me
If it weren't for Brother Su reminding me
Xin'er is in trouble now
He reminded you
Well, Brother Su is really hidden
Hahaha, don't make fun of me.
Let's watch the show
Isn't there someone over there waiting to kneel?
What about kowtowing and apologizing?